Add content to install application page (#2279)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/getting-started/install-an-application/_index.md

test01-app-operator                    6.11.0              12m          12m             deployed
test01-aws-ebs-csi-driver-smons        0.1.0               12m          42s             deployed
test01-aws-pod-identity-webhook        1.16.0              12m          117s            deployed
...
test01-observability-bundle            1.5.2               12m          4m28s           deployed
test01-security-bundle                 1.8.0               12m          3m32s           deployed
test01-teleport-kube-agent             0.9.2               12m          4m24s           deployed
test01-vertical-pod-autoscaler         5.2.4               12m          110s            deployed
```

__Note__: We don't enforce the cluster prefix (here: `test01-`), but it's a good practice to have it.

You can see that several applications already exist for the workload cluster `test01`. Most of the apps run directly in the workload cluster itself. The operator which actually deploys the applications to the workload clusters is running on the management cluster and is called `app-operator`. Learn more about this process [in this guide]({{< relref "/vintage/platform-overview/app-platform/" >}}).

> ## Step 2: Install an ingress nginx controller

Author: ```suggestion
## Step 2: Install an ingress nginx controller {#install-ingress-controller}
```

Before we install our publicly accessible `hello-world` app, we need to have an ingress controller running in the cluster. The ingress controller is responsible for routing the incoming traffic to the correct service in the cluster and make it available to the public.

> To know which applications are available for customers we've extended the platform with two custom resources. First resource is the [`AppCatalog`]({{< relref "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/appcatalogs.application.giantswarm.io/" >}}) which is a recipient to collect application definitions that are available to install in the workload clusters. The second is the [`AppCatalogEntry`]({{< relref "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/appcatalogentries.application.giantswarm.io.md" >}}) which is the representation of the application definition which has a version defined.

Author: But we dont want to promote happa anymore, it is deprecated and I did want to not mention anymore

> To know which applications are available for customers we've extended the platform with two custom resources. First resource is the [`AppCatalog`]({{< relref "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/appcatalogs.application.giantswarm.io/" >}}) which is a recipient to collect application definitions that are available to install in the workload clusters. The second is the [`AppCatalogEntry`]({{< relref "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/appcatalogentries.application.giantswarm.io.md" >}}) which is the representation of the application definition which has a version defined.

Author: @AndiDog WDYT?

> To know which applications are available for customers we've extended the platform with two custom resources. First resource is the [`AppCatalog`]({{< relref "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/appcatalogs.application.giantswarm.io/" >}}) which is a recipient to collect application definitions that are available to install in the workload clusters. The second is the [`AppCatalogEntry`]({{< relref "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/appcatalogentries.application.giantswarm.io.md" >}}) which is the representation of the application definition which has a version defined.

Reviewer: Ok sure, then let's leave out happa and only have the platform API example remaining

> To know which applications are available for customers we've extended the platform with two custom resources. First resource is the [`AppCatalog`]({{< relref "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/appcatalogs.application.giantswarm.io/" >}}) which is a recipient to collect application definitions that are available to install in the workload clusters. The second is the [`AppCatalogEntry`]({{< relref "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/appcatalogentries.application.giantswarm.io.md" >}}) which is the representation of the application definition which has a version defined.

Reviewer: The above suggestion still holds important diffs, such as `AppCatalog` (old name) vs. `Catalog`, having `$ command` in the first line of the snippets, etc. Please take another look what should be taken over, even if we decided against mentioning happa.

Same below where text snippets should have `$ ` before the command – if and only if there's both command _and_ output in the same snippet. That is inconsistent also in the other sections of the article. We should also use the typical `[...]` continuation format rather than `...`, so it's clear where we cut out the remaining output.

Please try out all snippets since I'm not familiar with querying these things on the command line, and can't easily review which are deprecated CRs and which are new ones.

> To know which applications are available for customers we've extended the platform with two custom resources. First resource is the [`AppCatalog`]({{< relref "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/appcatalogs.application.giantswarm.io/" >}}) which is a recipient to collect application definitions that are available to install in the workload clusters. The second is the [`AppCatalogEntry`]({{< relref "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/appcatalogentries.application.giantswarm.io.md" >}}) which is the representation of the application definition which has a version defined.

Author: ok I have tried my best, and I also fixed other getting started pages to be consistent

For happa, we leave it out in new docs. We want to add Backstage as soon as it is available to all our customers (current quarter)

By default there is a single catalog in the platform with the applications maintained by us:

```nohighlight
kubectl gs get catalogs
NAME                    CATALOG URL
giantswarm              https://giantswarm.github.io/giantswarm-catalog/
```

__Note__: You can [create your own catalog]({{< relref "/vintage/getting-started/app-platform/create-catalog/" >}}) and add your own applications to it.

To browse which applications are available in the catalog you can run the following command:

```nohighlight
kubectl get appcatalogentries -n default -l application.giantswarm.io/catalog=giantswarm
````

In our case we're interested in the ingress nginx controller, so let's check the latest version available in the catalog:

```nohighlight
kubectl get appcatalogentries -n default -l app.kubernetes.io/name=ingress-nginx
NAME                             CATALOG      APP NAME        VERSION   UPSTREAM VERSION   AGE
giantswarm-ingress-nginx-3.9.2   giantswarm   ingress-nginx   3.9.2     1.11.2             2d4h
...

> ```

Author: Well, since this is an introduction, it is useful to introduce the concept of catalogue and entry. And I favour using a single command with a flag to filter then chaining tools. That's probably something we need to agree

> ```

Reviewer: Sure, what I wrote are only suggestions. Please resolve any of my comments which you think are done/unneeded. Then I can go on reviewing and approving this.

```nohighlight
kubectl gs template app \
  --catalog=giantswarm \
  --cluster-name=test01 \
  --organization=giantswarm \
  --app-name=test01-ingress-nginx \
  --name=ingress-nginx \
  --target-namespace=kube-system \
  --version=3.9.2 > ingress-nginx.yaml
```

You can push the generated App CR file to your GitOps pipeline or apply it directly to the cluster with the following command:

```nohighlight
kubectl apply -f ingress-nginx.yaml
```

After few second you should see the ingress controller running in the cluster:

```nohighlight
kubectl get app ingress-nginx
NAME            INSTALLED VERSION   CREATED AT   LAST DEPLOYED   STATUS
test01-ingress-nginx   3.9.2               16s          14s             deployed
```

## Step 3: Deploy hello-world app

The next step is deploying the `hello-world` application using the same approach as we did with the ingress controller.

First we list the versions with:

```nohighlight
kubectl get appcatalogentries -n default -l app.kubernetes.io/name=hello-world
NAME                           CATALOG      APP NAME      VERSION   UPSTREAM VERSION   AGE
...

> giantswarm-hello-world-2.3.2   giantswarm   hello-world   2.3.2     0.2.1              72d

Author: same here

```

And later we template the application to target the right organization and cluster:

```nohighlight
kubectl gs template app \
  --catalog=giantswarm \
  --cluster-name=test01 \
  --organization=giantswarm \
  --name=test01-hello-world \
  --target-namespace=default \
  --version=2.3.2 > hello-world.yaml
```

Lets take a look at the `App CR` to learn main fields available:

```yaml
apiVersion: application.giantswarm.io/v1alpha1
kind: App
metadata:
  name: test01-hello-world
  namespace: org-giantswarm
spec:
  catalog: giantswarm
  kubeConfig:
    inCluster: false
  name: hello-world
  namespace: kube-system
  version: 2.3.2
```

The `name` field is the name of the app in the catalog meanwhile `--app-name` designates the name of the app instance installed in the cluster. Keep in mind that the app name is subject to different length limits, depending on how the app is deployed. Using a name under 30 characters is recommended.

> 

Author: ok let me rephrase it

After few seconds you will see the deployed status:

```nohighlight
kubectl get app test01-hello-world
NAME                INSTALLED VERSION   CREATED AT   LAST DEPLOYED   STATUS
test01-hello-world   2.3.2               11s          8s              deployed
```

> Now you can access your workload cluster and check the app running and see which ingress URL has been generated:

Author: ```suggestion
Now you can access your workload cluster, check the app running, and see which ingress address has been generated:
```

```nohighlight
kubectl get ingress -n default
NAME          CLASS   HOSTS                                        ADDRESS                                                                       PORTS     AGE
hello-world   nginx   cluster.provider.k8s.giantswam.io   ab49484.cn-north-1.elb.amazonaws.com.cn   80, 443   2m29s
```

> Sadly the URL isn't accessible because we've not passed the right domain to the ingress controller.

Author: ```suggestion
Sadly, the address isn't accessible because we've not passed the right domain on to the ingress controller.
```

> ## Step 4: Configuring the right domain

Reviewer: These sections must be merged, and the "oh sorry we described an incomplete step" part must go away. Tutorials must be concise and correct, explaining traps before they happen.

Let's remove the above app templating (including the China domain) and go on below.

Author: ok I will do that

> For every workload cluster there is a default wildcard record created automatically by our controllers. The domain is composed by the cluster name and the provider, the region and the base domain.

Reviewer: This isn't comprehensible with such a standalone description

> ```nohighlight
> kubectl get cm test01-cluster-values -ojsonpath="{.data.values}" | yq .baseDomain
> test01.capi.aws.k8s.gigantic.io

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```sh
$ kubectl get cm -n org-testing test01-cluster-values -ojsonpath="{.data.values}" | grep baseDomain
baseDomain: test01.capi.aws.k8s.gigantic.io
````

```

> With that information we can customize our `hello-world` app to use the right domain. Checking the [app values schema](https://github.com/giantswarm/hello-world-app/blob/main/helm/hello-world/values.schema.json) we can see the `host` property should override in `hosts` and `tls` sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With that information, you can customize the `hello-world` app to use the right domain. The [app values schema](https://github.com/giantswarm/hello-world-app/blob/main/helm/hello-world/README.md) documents which values can be changed. Here, the `hosts` and `tls` sections are relevant.
```

> Lets create a file with the values we want to override:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a file containing the Helm chart values:
```

> ```nohighlight
> cat > hello-world-values.yaml <<EOL
> ingress:
> hosts:
> - host: hello.test01.capi.pek.aws.k8s.adidas.com.cn
>   paths:
>   - path: /
>     pathType: Prefix
> tls:
> - secretName: hello-world-tls
>   hosts:
>   - hello.test01.capi.pek.aws.k8s.adidas.com.cn
> EOL
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```sh
cat > hello-world-values.yaml <<EOF
ingress:
hosts:
- host: hello.test01.capi.aws.k8s.gigantic.io
  paths:
  - path: /
    pathType: Prefix
tls:
- secretName: hello-world-tls
  hosts:
  - hello.test01.capi.aws.k8s.gigantic.io
EOF
```
````

Now we can template the app again passing the file reference:

> ```nohighlight

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```sh
````

kubectl gs template app \
  --catalog=giantswarm \
  --cluster-name=test01 \
  --organization=giantswarm \
  --name=test01-hello-world \
  --target-namespace=default \
  --user-configmap=hello-world-values.yaml \
  --version=2.3.2 > hello-world.yaml
```

> We push the file or apply the changes to the platform API and wait a couple of seconds to see the changes:

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Again, push the generated `App` CR file to your GitOps repository, or apply it directly to the management cluster with the following command:

```sh
kubectl apply -f hello-world.yaml
```
````

```nohighlight

> kubectl get app test01-hello-world
> NAME                                  INSTALLED VERSION   CREATED AT   LAST DEPLOYED   STATUS
> test01-hello-world                     2.3.2               51m          8s             deployed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ kubectl get app test01-hello-world
NAME                INSTALLED VERSION  CREATED AT  LAST DEPLOYED  STATUS
test01-hello-world  2.3.2              51m         8s             deployed
```

```

> At this point you should be able to access the `hello-world` app using the domain you have configured. Check the `URL` value in the ingress resource has been updated to be sure the changes have been propagated. Now you should be able to see the hello world frontend.

Reviewer: If both the ingress-nginx controller and the hello-world app are healthy in the workload cluster, you should be able to access the hello world web page at `https://test01.capi.aws.k8s.gigantic.io` (please fill in your own base domain).

Based on the above `Ingress` definition in the Helm values, a TLS certificate should have been automatically generated using cert-manager, which is installed by default. Since the trusted certificate authority Let's Encrypt is used by default, your browser should show the web page as secure, without warnings.

> ![Hello world page](hello-world.png)

Reviewer: This should at best be consistent with our cluster naming (`test01`), even if you only just edit the address bar to fake it

> __Note__:You can read more about app platform configuration [here]({{< relref "/vintage/getting-started/app-platform/app-configuration" >}}).

Reviewer: Should we put this at the end (`## Further reading` or so)?

Author: I dont like it. I prefer to link to tutorials or more extensive documents across the content instead of doing it further down. At least in getting started. THe main goal in this section is to go from nothing to a full, complete dev platform journey for beginners

> ## Step 5: Deleting the hello-world app
> 
> The deletion of an app is as simple as creating it. You can delete the app by running:
> 
> ```nohighlight
> kubectl delete -f hello-world.yaml
> kubectl delete -f ingress-nginx.yaml
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
## Step 5: Deleting the hello-world app and ingress-nginx controller

The deletion of an app is as simple as creating it:

```nohighlight
kubectl delete -f hello-world.yaml

kubectl delete -f ingress-nginx.yaml
```
````

## Next step

> After learn how to deploy an application in the workload cluster, lets bump into [a different connectivity options you can rely on within the platform]({{< relref "/getting-started/expose-your-app" >}}).

Reviewer: Grammar – can you please reword?

And can we include a lookout what the target article is actually about? The description "different connectivity options" is very vague.

test01-ingress-nginx   3.9.2               16s          14s             deployed
```

## Step 3: Deploy hello-world app

The next step is deploying the `hello-world` application using the same approach as for the ingress controller.

First, list the versions with:

```nohighlight
kubectl get appcatalogentries -n default -l app.kubernetes.io/name=hello-world
NAME                           CATALOG      APP NAME      VERSION   UPSTREAM VERSION   AGE
...
giantswarm-hello-world-2.3.2   giantswarm   hello-world   2.3.2     0.2.1              72d
```

Then, template the application to target the right organization and workload cluster:

```sh
kubectl gs template app \
  --catalog=giantswarm \
  --cluster-name=test01 \
  --organization=testing \
  --name=test01-hello-world \
  --target-namespace=default \
  --version=2.3.2 > hello-world.yaml
```

Lets take a look at the `App CR` to learn main fields available:

```yaml
apiVersion: application.giantswarm.io/v1alpha1
kind: App
metadata:
  name: test01-hello-world
  namespace: org-giantswarm
spec:
  catalog: giantswarm
  kubeConfig:
    inCluster: false
  name: hello-world
  namespace: kube-system
  version: 2.3.2
```

> The `name` field is the name of the app in the catalog meanwhile `--app-name` designates the name of the app instance installed in the cluster. Keep in mind that the app name is subject to different length limits, depending on how the app is deployed. Using a name under 30 characters is recommended.

Author: ```suggestion
The `spec.name` field is the application's name in the catalog; meanwhile, 'metadata.name` designates the name of the instance installed in the cluster. [Read more information about the properties here]({{ relfer "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/apps.application.giantswarm.io/" }}).
```

```

```nohighlight
$ kubectl get app test01-hello-world
NAME                INSTALLED VERSION  CREATED AT  LAST DEPLOYED  STATUS
test01-hello-world  2.3.2              51m         8s             deployed
```

If both the ingress-nginx controller and the hello-world app are healthy in the workload cluster, you should be able to access the hello world web page at `https://test01.capi.aws.k8s.gigantic.io` (please fill in your own base domain).

Based on the above `Ingress` definition in the Helm values, a TLS certificate should have been automatically generated using cert-manager, which is installed by default. Since the trusted certificate authority Let's Encrypt is used by default, your browser should show the web page as secure, without warnings.

![Hello world page](hello-world.png)

__Note__:You can read more about app platform configuration [here]({{< relref "/vintage/getting-started/app-platform/app-configuration" >}}).

## Step 5: Deleting the hello-world app and ingress-nginx controller

The deletion of an app is as simple as creating it:

```nohighlight
kubectl delete -f hello-world.yaml

kubectl delete -f ingress-nginx.yaml
```

## Next step

> After learn how to deploy an application in the workload cluster, lets bump into [a different connectivity options you can rely on within the platform]({{< relref "/getting-started/expose-your-app" >}}).

Author: ```suggestion
After learning how to deploy an application in the workload cluster, let's dive into [in how networking works in your cluster and how to configure to harden your application]({{< relref "/getting-started/expose-your-app" >}}).
```

  - What do I need to do to configure the app platform to build my capabilities?
---

The _Giant Swarm App Platform_ is built on top of [Helm](https://helm.sh/) charts and allows you to manage apps and their configurations represented by `App` custom resources (CRs) for multiple clusters, from a single place: the [Platform API]({{< relref "/overview/architecture#platform-api" >}}) on the management cluster.

> In this guide, we will install a `hello-world` app together with an Ingress NGINX Controller to serve the web application publicly. We will do this by using kubectl, to create an [App]({{< relref "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/apps.application.giantswarm.io.md" >}}) CR using the platform API of your management cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
In this guide, we will install a `hello-world` app together with an ingress nginx controller to serve the web application publicly. We will do this by using kubectl, to create an [App]({{< relref "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/apps.application.giantswarm.io.md" >}}) CR using the platform API of your management cluster.
```

test01-security-bundle                 1.8.0               12m          3m32s           deployed
test01-teleport-kube-agent             0.9.2               12m          4m24s           deployed
test01-vertical-pod-autoscaler         5.2.4               12m          110s            deployed
```

__Note__: We don't enforce the cluster prefix (here: `test01-`), but it's a good practice to have it.

You can see that several applications already exist for the workload cluster `test01`. Most of the apps run directly in the workload cluster itself. The operator which actually deploys the applications to the workload clusters is running on the management cluster and is called `app-operator`. Learn more about this process [in this guide]({{< relref "/vintage/platform-overview/app-platform/" >}}).

## Step 2: Install an ingress nginx controller {#install-ingress-controller}

Before installing the `hello-world` app, an ingress controller must be running in the cluster. The ingress controller is responsible for routing the incoming traffic to the correct service in the cluster and make it available publicly.

> To know which applications are available for customers we've extended the platform with two custom resources. First resource is the [`AppCatalog`]({{< relref "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/appcatalogs.application.giantswarm.io/" >}}) which is a recipient to collect application definitions that are available to install in the workload clusters. The second is the [`AppCatalogEntry`]({{< relref "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/appcatalogentries.application.giantswarm.io.md" >}}) which is the representation of the application definition which has a version defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To know which applications are available for customers we've extended the platform with two custom resources. The first resource is [`AppCatalog`]({{< relref "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/appcatalogs.application.giantswarm.io/" >}}) which contains application definitions that are available for installation in the workload clusters. The second is the [`AppCatalogEntry`]({{< relref "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/appcatalogentries.application.giantswarm.io.md" >}}) which is the application definition for each application version.
```

kubectl gs template app \
  --catalog=giantswarm \
  --cluster-name=test01 \
  --organization=testing \
  --app-name=test01-ingress-nginx \
  --name=ingress-nginx \
  --target-namespace=kube-system \
  --version=3.9.2 > ingress-nginx.yaml
```

You can push the generated `App` CR file to your GitOps repository, or apply it directly to the management cluster with the following command:

```sh
kubectl apply -f ingress-nginx.yaml
```

If you log into the workload cluster now, ingress controller should be running very soon:

```nohighlight
$ kubectl get app ingress-nginx
NAME            INSTALLED VERSION   CREATED AT   LAST DEPLOYED   STATUS
test01-ingress-nginx   3.9.2               16s          14s             deployed
```

## Step 3: Deploy hello-world app

The next step is deploying the `hello-world` application using the same approach as for the ingress controller.

First, list the versions with:

```nohighlight
kubectl get appcatalogentries -n default -l app.kubernetes.io/name=hello-world
NAME                           CATALOG      APP NAME      VERSION   UPSTREAM VERSION   AGE
...
giantswarm-hello-world-2.3.2   giantswarm   hello-world   2.3.2     0.2.1              72d
```

> To make our app accessible from Internet an [ingress]() should be defined with the right domain. By default every workload cluster comes with a default wildcard record created automatically by our controllers. The domain is composed by the cluster name and the provider, the region and the base domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make our app accessible from the internet, an [ingress](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/) should be defined with the right domain. By default every workload cluster comes with a default wildcard DNS record (e.g. `*.test01.capi.aws.k8s.gigantic.io`). The domain is composed by the cluster name and the management cluster's base domain.

You can find the domain of your workload cluster like this:
```

(removing wrong information; I guess this was copied from vintage)

baseDomain: test01.capi.aws.k8s.gigantic.io
```

With that information, you can extend the `hello-world` application manifest to use the right domain. Check the [application values schema](https://github.com/giantswarm/hello-world-app/blob/main/helm/hello-world/README.md) to see what values can be customized. Here, the `hosts` and `tls` sections are relevant.

Create a file containing the Helm chart values:

```sh
cat > hello-world-values.yaml <<EOF
ingress:
hosts:
- host: hello.test01.capi.aws.k8s.gigantic.io
  paths:
  - path: /
    pathType: Prefix
tls:
- secretName: hello-world-tls
  hosts:
  - hello.test01.capi.aws.k8s.gigantic.io
EOF
```

Then, template the application to target the right organization and workload cluster. Also the extra configuration is passed as argument.

```sh
kubectl gs template app \
  --catalog=giantswarm \
  --cluster-name=test01 \
  --organization=testing \
  --name=test01-hello-world \
  --target-namespace=default \
  --user-configmap=hello-world-values.yaml \
  --version=2.3.2 > hello-world.yaml
```

Lets take a look at the manifests generated to learn how they look like:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
data:
  values: |
    ingress:

>       ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      [...]
```

(repeated)

kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  creationTimestamp: null
  name: test01-hello-world-userconfig
  namespace: org-testing
---
apiVersion: application.giantswarm.io/v1alpha1
kind: App
metadata:
  name: test01-hello-world
  namespace: org-testing
spec:
  catalog: giantswarm
  name: hello-world
  namespace: kube-system
  userConfig:
    configMap:
      name: test01-hello-world-userconfig
      namespace: org-testing
  version: 2.3.2
```

> The `spec.name` field is the application's name in the catalog; meanwhile, 'metadata.name` designates the name of the instance installed in the cluster. [Read more information about the properties here]({{ relref "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/apps.application.giantswarm.io/" }}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `spec.name` field is the application's name in the catalog, while `metadata.name` designates the name of the `App` object in the cluster and can therefore be freely chosen. [Read more information about the properties here]({{ relref "/vintage/use-the-api/management-api/crd/apps.application.giantswarm.io/" }}).
```

Now let's push the file to your GitOps repository, or apply it directly to the platform API with the following command:

```sh
kubectl apply -f hello-world.yaml
```

```nohighlight

> $ kubectl get app test01-hello-world

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ kubectl get app -n org-testing test01-hello-world
```

(please check if the missing `-n` parameter is repeated)

NAME                INSTALLED VERSION  CREATED AT  LAST DEPLOYED  STATUS
test01-hello-world  2.3.2              51m         8s             deployed
```

> If both the ingress-nginx controller and the hello-world app are healthy in the workload cluster, you should be able to access the hello world web page at `https://test01.capi.aws.k8s.gigantic.io` (please fill in your own base domain).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both the ingress-nginx controller and the hello-world app are healthy in the workload cluster, you should be able to access the hello world web page at `https://hello.test01.capi.aws.k8s.gigantic.io` (please fill in your own workload cluster domain).
```

Based on the above `Ingress` definition in the Helm values, a TLS certificate should have been automatically generated using cert-manager, which is installed by default. Since the trusted certificate authority Let's Encrypt is used by default, your browser should show the web page as secure, without warnings.

![Hello world page](hello-world.png)

__Note__:You can read more about app platform configuration [here]({{< relref "/vintage/getting-started/app-platform/app-configuration" >}}).

After a few seconds, you should see the deployed status:

```nohighlight
$ kubectl get app -n org-testing test01-hello-world
NAME                INSTALLED VERSION   CREATED AT   LAST DEPLOYED   STATUS
test01-hello-world   2.3.2               11s          8s              deployed
```

> Now you can access your workload cluster, check the app running, and see which ingress address has been generated:

Reviewer: What's an "ingress address"? Rather

```
`Ingress` object
```

?

```nohighlight
kubectl get ingress -n default
NAME          CLASS   HOSTS      ADDRESS      PORTS     AGE
hello-world   nginx   hello.test01.capi.aws.k8s.gigantic.io   ab49484...   80, 443   2m29s
```

It's time to try to reach the application using the ingress:

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```nohighlight
```

$ curl -Is https://hello.test01.capi.aws.k8s.gigantic.io
/ HTTP/1.1 200 OK
/ Accept-Ranges: bytes ...
```

> The `curl` request it's routed through the AWS load balancer to the ingress controller, which then forwards the request to the `hello-world` service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `curl` request is routed through the AWS load balancer to the ingress controller, which then forwards the request to the `hello-world` service.
```

## Step 4: Deleting the hello-world app and ingress-nginx controller

The deletion of an app is as simple as creating it:

> ```nohighlight

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```sh
````

kubectl delete -f hello-world.yaml

kubectl delete -f ingress-nginx.yaml
```

## Next step

> After learning how to deploy an application in the workload cluster, let's dive into [in how networking works in your cluster and how to configure to harden your application]({{< relref "/getting-started/expose-your-app" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After learning how to deploy an application in the workload cluster, let's dive into [in how networking works in your cluster and how to configure security hardening of your application]({{< relref "/getting-started/expose-your-app" >}}).
```

NAME                INSTALLED VERSION  CREATED AT  LAST DEPLOYED  STATUS
test01-hello-world  2.3.2              51m         8s             deployed
```

If both the ingress-nginx controller and the hello-world app are healthy in the workload cluster, you should be able to access the hello world web page at `https://hello.test01.capi.aws.k8s.gigantic.io` (please fill in your own workload cluster domain).

Based on the above `Ingress` definition in the Helm values, a TLS certificate should have been automatically generated using cert-manager, which is installed by default. Since the trusted certificate authority Let's Encrypt is used by default, your browser should show the web page as secure, without warnings.

![Hello world page](hello-world.png)

__Note__:You can read more about app platform configuration [here]({{< relref "/vintage/getting-started/app-platform/app-configuration" >}}).

After a few seconds, you should see the deployed status:

```nohighlight
$ kubectl get app -n org-testing test01-hello-world
NAME                INSTALLED VERSION   CREATED AT   LAST DEPLOYED   STATUS
test01-hello-world   2.3.2               11s          8s              deployed
```

> Now you can access your workload cluster, check the app running, and see which ingress address has been generated:

Author: ```suggestion
Now you can access your workload cluster, check the app running, and see which `Ingress` resource has been generated:
```

To browse which applications are available in the catalog you can run the following command:

> ```text

Reviewer: It's the other way around – pure commands should be highlighted with `sh`, command line + comand output should be `text` (or `nohighlight` which should be the same).

Author: ups sorry I mixed them up, yeah is what I wanted

Author: fixed
